Since instead of From? (#358)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/install-intro.adoc

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

> Since SLES{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1, {susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the SLES Unified Installer.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
In SLES{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1 and later, {susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the SLES Unified Installer.
```

> In SLES{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1 and later, {susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the SLES Unified Installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the SLES Unified Installer.
```
